add news post for ismb (#841)
hms-dbmi/gehlenborglab-website: _news/2025-07-14-ismb.md

---
title: Talks, tutorial and posters at ISMB@2025
blurb: Come see our various works at ISMB in Liverpool!

> slug: ismb

Author: I thought that the identifier was always linked to the date so it didn't matter much, but sure! :)

date: '2025-07-14'
members: ['nils-gehlenborg', 'thomas-smits', 'huyen-nguyen', 'sehi-lyi', 'lawrence-weru', 'aarti-darji', 'eric-moerth', 'skylar-walters', 'andrew-mar',  'david-kouril', 'morgan-turner']
publications:
  - smits-2024-9X8PFMGP
  - nguyen-2025-multimodal-retrieval
projects: []
---

> We will present various works at the 33rd conference on Intelligent Systems for Molecular Biology in Liverpool! You can find the full schedule [here](https://iscb.junolive.co/ISMB/ScientificProgramme/Schedule).

Author: ```suggestion
Members of the HIDIVE Lab will present a number of works at the 33rd conference on Intelligent Systems for Molecular Biology (ISMB) in Liverpool, UK! You can find the full schedule [here](https://iscb.junolive.co/ISMB/ScientificProgramme/Schedule).
```

## Tutorial on Accessibility

> On Tuesday July 15th, Sehi, Larry and Thomas will present a virtual tutorial on digital accessibility. 

Author: I think that with the tagged members, all members are automatically shown on the right side! I am not particularly against individual links, but I think before we didn't do that either, e.g. https://hidivelab.org/news/2024-10-11-VIS-presentations/

(Although I must admit I also wrote that one, so I'm not sure how much that says ahaha)

> On Tuesday July 15th, Sehi, Larry and Thomas will present a virtual tutorial on digital accessibility. 

Reviewer: Ah, I see.

You can find more info at [inscidar.github.io/biological-accessibility-tutorial](https://inscidar.github.io/biological-accessibility-tutorial).

## Talks at BioVis
On Thursday 24th, we have two presentations at the [BioVis](http://biovis.net/2025/program_ismb/) session. First Thomas will give a long talk about AltGosling, creating descriptions of genomics visualizations for accessibility and machine learning. Then Huyen will give a short talk on a multimodal search and authoring system for genomics visualizations.

## Posters
Check out the following posters as well:

> - Skylar’s poster on a deep learning framework for viral identification at the MLCSB session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Skylar](https://hidivelab.org/team/members/skylar-walters/)’s poster on a deep learning framework for viral identification at the MLCSB session.
```

> - Aarti's poster on a natural language-driven multi-agent system for exploring mIF datasets in the virtual poster session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Aarti](https://hidivelab.org/team/members/aarti-darji/)'s poster on a natural language-driven multi-agent system for exploring mIF datasets in the virtual poster session.
```
